---
title: "Week 3: And Then a Crash"
---

## Summary
I thought last week was crazy.. yeah. This week was awful. It was my first week on-call for my job which means that if one of our software systems sputters or goes down I get alerted for it and have to fix the problem. Unfortunately this week was a particularly nasty one. I didn't get much sleep Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday night because of alerts. Because of this I didn't take lunches to work, I missed workouts because of incidents and alerts, and by the time the weekend came I had lost all willpower and energy.

I just wasn't prepared for such an assault on my time, and in the future I need to better prepare for my on-call weeks. This week was also particularly bad because we had a code-freeze the week before which meant every team released their latest changes to their systems on Monday. This meant that a lot of changes were released all at once and problems were bound to happen.

### Highlights
* The week is over
* Learned that I need to have better preparation and commitment if I'm going to succeed during the stressful times

### Lowlights
* Missed all but two of my workouts
* Didn't lose any weight
* Didn't stick to my calorie restrictions

### My Focus For This Week
1. Don't miss a workout and finish them 100% including abs and cardio
2. Track calories every day
3. Wake up every morning at 7:00 to stay on schedule for my day

## Appendum
### What will you do different next time you're on call?
I will definitely be preparing ALL of my food the weekend before so I don't have to worry about what to eat, it will already be ready. I will also plan on getting to bed sooner than usual to make up for the sleep I will likely lose from alerts.

### How's this next week looking?
Much better. I'm not on call and I'm feeling as motivated as ever to get back on track and keep pounding away at my stubborn body fat.

*If you haven't yet read my [About](/about) page be sure to check it out. It'll help you know who I am, what plan I am following, and what the 20 Weeks to Fit challenge is all about.*
