---
title: "Week 2: Early Stumble"
---

## Summary
What a crazy week! My wife and I redid the floor in our bathroom and that just threw off my whole groove. I only managed to hit 4 out of 5 workouts and didn't track calories at all Thursday through Saturday. So overall this week was not a great week but I also didn't give up. I did what I could where I could but ultimately came up short. All I can do is reset and refocus and come back more committed than before.

### Highlights
* Lost 1 inch off my waist since starting 2 weeks ago!
* Started taking creatine consistently

### Lowlights
* Didn't lose any weight (was somewhat expected since I started taking creatine)
* Didn't track calories well
* Missed a workout
* Didn't finish entire workouts when I did workout
* No Cardio
* No Abs

### My Focus For This Week
1. Don't miss a workout and finish them 100% including abs and cardio
2. Track calories every day
3. Weigh and measure my food to be more accurate in calorie counts

## Appendum
### You did so good last week, what happened?
It all started with a bad weekend. Well, the weekend was actually great! We hung out with a lot of friends and did some spontaneous things but what we didn't do was plan and prepare for the following week. Normally this wouldn't be a huge problem but we also decided to redo our bathroom floors (again spontaneously) and so our whole apartment turned into a construction site and much of my time was dedicated to the project. So I never quite had a handle on the week before it even started. This impacted me a lot because I didn't have much time to workout on most days and by the time the weekend came around we were just focused on finishing the bathroom so I gave up on tracking my calories.

### So you didn't lose any weight because of that?
Well in part. I also started taking creatine consistently and that can cause your muscles to retain more water. So we'll have to keep watching my overall weight trend to see where my weight is really going.

### But hey, you lost an inch off your waist. I bet that feels good!
Oh it does! I can tell that some of my clothes fit a little better. I can also tell I am gaining some muscle and my posture is getting better. 

### So how is this next week looking?
Way better! We have finished the bathroom, I have gotten my life back in order, and I am feeling as motivated as ever to crush my fitness goals this week.

*If you haven't yet read my [About](/about) page be sure to check it out. It'll help you know who I am, what plan I am following, and what the 20 Weeks to Fit challenge is all about.*
